welcome to slash forward for this
episode we're gonna review a movie that
ended up being a bit on the nose given
our current situation it's the 2014
pandemic virus zombie comedy horror film
cooties let's get to it we open down
some chickens getting riled up by an odd
man we learned they're very perceptive
and we're right to be concerned we then
learn about the majesty of chicken
nugget production and it's not great
however I would still eat them the next
morning we find Clint waking up bright
and early to spend a little time on his
novel which sucks frankly I couldn't
figure out the plot it was kind of
insulting there was no specificity in
the writing in terms of time and place
okay he workshops some bad ideas on his
way into his new job as a substitute
teacher he's welcomed in and learns the
vice-principal is very enthusiastic
about learning and has an egalitarian
pedagogy requiring his teachers to turn
in their cell phones since the kids
can't have them he makes it to the
teachers lounge finding the adults as
garbage as the children but amidst the
piles of hot fleshy trash a familiar
friendly face Clint's 'el classmate Lucy
she introduces him to her boyfriend Wade
a rugged no-nonsense fellow and they
enjoy an awkward conversation until the
class bell goes off he immediately fails
to endear himself to his class and the
kids dose up in preparation his casual
demeanor also provides an opening for
patriot to verbally dominate him
eventually the learning portion of the
day does get under way but not for long
before some of the more entitled
students start getting bitey in the
aftermath we learned that Patriots
assailant was left in gen-pop
which results in a fairly quick outbreak
to the rest of the children's orders
quickly lost as the VP Institute's a
strict rule against consuming teachers
but he finds his authority disrespected
it's only shortly after this that the
teachers take notice and Wade finally
turns around he views this as a prime
opportunity to relive glory days past
grouping up with the others where they
find that their communications were
eviscerated from the principal's office
shortly thereafter Patriot confronts him
in the lounge and does some snips
snapping about they're eventually able
to confined him after sacrificing only
one of their rank they hunker down in an
upstairs classroom where things calm
momentarily providing them an
opportunity to begin planning an escape
but with no good prospects they opted to
wait for the parents to come and pick
they're little filthy monsters Clint's
having been scratched in the initial
scuffle then comes down with a wicked
case of bubble gut it is sequestered
from the group
Doug instills confidence in them by
noting that the symptoms seem to be
presenting differently and that the
virus doesn't appear to affect adults
and children in the same way they take a
breather while the children play and
then the first parent eventually arrives
unfortunately she's too distracted to
notice the warnings or to even turn
around while her child is murdering
their sibling they get plus one survivor
but she shows the others the way forcing
them back into hiding they manage to
accomplish this with only one child
slaughtered in brutal fashion Doug is
curious about the youngsters black blood
and elects to dissect him which is
difficult without his normal tools
anybody makes it work the radio confirms
that news of the incident has spread and
that the infected have breached the
outside world Lucy and Wade also
capitalize on this Lowell to have some
relational strife during which Rainn
Wilson 4 goes all of his characters
vocal affectations we then transitioned
back to Doug who uses his examination
and information from their survivor to
determine that the virus causes the
hosts internals to go necrotic while
they still move around and that it's
only dangerous to you if you haven't
gone through puberty yet well internally
dangerous they run across a janitor
hatachi who has a sweet bachelor pad set
up in the basement allowing them some
more time for figurin the new plan is to
use the ducts to get Wade's keys and get
to the truck Clinton goes for it and
loosely follows they're nearly
discovered but the zombie child accepts
the standard steering contest rules
declining to eat her opponents after a
double elimination knocks her out of the
tournament they make it to the office
and split up Lucy deciding to look for a
phone she finds they've been destroyed
however and they're forced to retreat
quickly as they're pursued into the
ducts they detour to protect the others
while they cram crap into the vent to
seal it off now we have another lull in
which Clint admits to taking the
teaching job knowing Lucy worked there
it comes across as a bit creepy but she
proves to be unperturbed by this however
they get their wits about them and
withdraw when Wade raises them on the
radio to apologize and to clear his love
for Lucy Clint boughs out respectfully
and apologizes for getting in their way
then an idea they search the kids
backpacks and toss out some pills which
the kids instinctively grab for while
they wait for this to take effect the
others scavenge Hitachi's hideout and
suit up when the interior group has od'd
they meet up and head for the main door
unfortunately they find the courtyard
infested katashi hangs back to eliminate
a group trying to take them from the
rear while the others make their way
into the crowd they proceed tepidly at
first
but soon find their strength and a
degree of satisfaction letting go of the
normal social rules around harming
children Wade again drunk with a
reignited remembrance of his past
glories decides to hold them off on his
own to better facilitate the group's
escape they hightail it out of Fort
chicken eventually arriving at nearby
Danville and find it to have suffered a
similar fate when they stare through the
window of a small towns Circuit City we
learned the pandemic is at least nation
wide and there soon chased off
eventually finding an open door and
emerging in a sort of play scape of
horrors but they're discovered by
Hitachi and weighed somehow and he
proceeds to douse the children with a
strange type of water that ignites when
compelled by flame the group then heads
off to find a location free of children
and that was cooties a horror comedy
that seems like it flew pretty well
under the radar and could also
potentially act as a conclusion to
Elijah woods character arc which started
in the faculty if you enjoyed the video
I'd love for you become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]